welcome back in this episode I'm going
to show you another middle-eastern
oriental dip the hummus they are made
out of chickpeas also known as garbanzo
beans the word hummus itself is a
literal translation to the word
chickpeas in Arabic over the years
people have added their own twist on the
written recipe but today I'm going to
show you the real deal so let's get
started here are the ingredients that
you will need olive oil tahini two
cloves of garlic
juice of one lemon salt and chickpeas
that I washed and drained and I try to
take out the skin that it has as much as
I can start by adding the chickpeas also
known as garbanzo beans into your food
processor give it a couple of pulses
then add the garlic
now add the tahini for each cup of
chickpeas use half a cup of tahini
add the lemon juice and blend
while blending drizzle about 1/4 cup of
olive oil scrape the sides of your food
processor to make sure nothing is
sticking and seasoned with salt
if you find it to be too thick you can
add a couple tablespoons of water then
keep blending until it is smooth this is
the traditional plate that we use to
serve the hummus ham
use a spoon to make a well in the hummus
then drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle
with paprika
a black although for garnish and that's
it you're done a very healthy lip that
you can serve with pita bread or if you
want to make it even healthier chop some
veggies and serve it with a hummus enjoy
if you like this video please thumbs up
share and don't forget to subscribe so
you can be updated with all the new
episodes please leave me all your
comments and let me know what do you
want to see next if you have any
requests or specific Egyptian recipes
just let me know and I'm gonna do my
best to make them until next time see
you later